everybody coming to you today to talk to
you about eBay certain errors or
pre-fill info that you need to change
yourself eBay has now made it very
simple to type in UPC code to search for
your item so it went like this yes
that's very good but as the seller you
need to go over this info I've had over
the years on selling on eBay five years
of wrestling DVDs WWE TNA ECW you name
it I've sold it and basically still to
this day you have to do certain changes
and certain things to your listing I'll
give you a few examples these are just a
few selling points for me a couple
errors I noticed when I listed these
right now on eBay take like this WWE DVD
Curt Hennig it's perfect they got a list
it as a documentary being yes it is so
maybe you could but there's no sub-genre
and that's very important if you break
down what categories you're looking for
so do you put it under sports and
wrestling still because a WWE don't mean
to bring them up they don't sponsor any
of my videos by the way same thing with
this you know or this one one of the two
that bothered me um they got on me drama
once again if you're trying to sell a
wrestling DVD and you want to make money
and even as a company they want to make
money off of what you sell it should be
their personal responsibility to make
sure that this information is correct
for you it's not like it's hard to get
this information whatsoever it's on the
back of the case it's on the front
with somebody put into a computer right
but you guys switch it from sports and
wrestling and if you do that in your
subgenres that gives you a better chance
to get the buyers that you want for the
DVD or say if you just might type in
that UTC you just go through it right
away
and saved you just went right through it
right away you don't make that necessary
change and when the way your item that
so says right on the back here on Raw
WWE DVDs made in the US is a regional
one please tell me why they have it
locked in there as a worldwide DVD
Savior a global seller and they don't
pay attention to that and then they get
it and they can't play it you're gonna
have a really mad buyer on your hands so
this is just a couple of DVDs once again
out of the thousands and thousands on
the UPC database that you really need to
take the time as a seller if you want to
sell your product properly you know you
got to take some more responsibility
with it because there is a lot of flaws
in the system updates and you just gotta
let add that little extra touch so I
hope this helped you I'm gonna be making
some more of these it's really hard for
me to come out about this stuff because
this is stuff that sellers in you know
the company does not want you to know
these little tidbits that would make you
maybe have to realist your item you know
and more fees and it just messes up the
averages and what the value of the DVD
is worth and they do this on a repeated
basis with many many items so that's why
you really have to sit there when it's
good to punch in at the UPC to find it
to get a good price comparison but once
you go to listing yourself you have to
take stuff to each and every one to make
sure you know how to properly let's hope
that helped
any comments feel free and his friends
subscribe and
that's it for right now alright take
care peace